those who are fans of the conjuring
movies will know that they follow the
real-life story of Eden Lorraine Warren
where paranormal investigators and
self-proclaimed demonologists the
upcoming conjuring 3 will once again
feature the duo investigating another
real-life case this story unfolded in
the small town of Brookfield Connecticut
were a usually common friendly boyfriend
all of a sudden commits a violent murder
the story takes an unexpected turn when
the Warrens enter the picture and reveal
that they have met the man before and
they believe the devil made him do it
On February 16th 1981 Arnie Johnson
called in sick at his job so he could
join his girlfriend Debbie gratzel at
the kennels where she worked his 13 year
old sister Wanda and Debbie's
nine-year-old cousin Mary were already
there to watch the grooming of a black
French poodle Alain bono who was the
manager of the kennels decided he would
treat the party to lunch and drinks at a
local bar called the Magan munch this
seemingly generous act was the beginning
of a disaster and the end of a life what
was meant to be a short lunch and
wandering quickly turned into a
spontaneous drunken gathering after
their lunch the group returned to the
kennels where Allen continuously turn
about the TV volume to Unbearable levels
in order to avoid the noise Debbie
offered to take the girls out for pizza
however while they were out Debbie began
to get a foreboding feeling that trouble
was on the horizon they hurried back to
discover that Allen had definitely drunk
one too many glasses of wine and had
become very agitated and aggressive he
then ordered the group to his apartment
upstairs which they agreed to and it was
here in Ellen's apartment where things
turned sour
the drunken boss began threatening or
punching his fist into his palms as his
anger grew Debbie became concerned for
the kids of the group and wanted to
avoid an altercation so she told
everyone to leave the building on their
way out as Mary passed Allen he latched
on to a wrist and yanked her towards him
hearing the frightened voices of his
girlfriend and her young cousin Arnie
commanded Allen to let them go by the
time Debbie had prized the girl away
from Allen it was already too late Arnie
and Allen broke into violence
Debbie tried to get between the two
intoxicated men while wanna try to pull
her brother back then Arnie began
growling like an animal and in a flash
took out his 5-inch pocket knife and
plunge it into Allen's chest
he pulled the blade out and struck again
and again and again that day the small
town of Brookfield Connecticut had its
very first reported homicide people
couldn't believe that Arnie Johnson
could do such a horrific thing but could
it be that he was actually innocent
this seemingly open-and-shut case became
extraordinary the day after the murder
when Lorraine Warren and from the
Brookfield police that Arnie was
possessed when he committed the crime
soon after a media storm broke out with
the warrants defending Arnie where the
story becomes even more incredible is
that this was not the first time the
warrants had been involved with Arnie
and Debbie's family several months
before the killing
Debbie's family the Glatt Souls had
noticed severe problems with their kid
David
Debbie's 11-year old brother he had
begun seeing a creepy old man that
nobody else could this entity would push
threatened and scream Latin words at him
when the boy started to receive
unexplainable cuts scratches and bruises
the gladsome family called for a
catholic priest have blessed the house
but the strange occurrence is only
worsened as David would start speaking
in voices he hadn't before with no other
way to turn they enlisted the help of
the Warrens who witnessed firsthand the
malevolent presence david began to growl
hiss and even recite passages from the
bible as well as Paradise Lost as the
once tried to exorcise the demon David
was seen to levitate stopped breathing
and convulsed violently while sleeping
the words became concerned that the
demon was winning control of its vessel
so in October 1980 they called the
Brookfield police to warn them that the
situation was getting dangerous
selflessly Arnie Johnson came
face-to-face with David and screamed to
the source of the evil inside of him
take me instead of him as the story goes
the demon took him up on that offer
months later owner johnson stabbed allen
bono his lawyer used the possession of
David as a defense with testimonies from
the Warrens claiming that they have
contacted the police months before the
murder had even happened though Arnie's
lawyer argued in court that was
undoubtedly a possession that caused his
defendant to strike out at Allen the
judge ruled that an unproven an
unscientific reason cannot hold up in a
court of law after 15 hours of
deliberation by the jury he was found
guilty and given 10 to 20 years in
prison on which is surprisingly only
served five
in 1983 Gerald brittle and Lorraine
Warren published a book about the events
called the devil in Connecticut before
release the author got the book signed
off by the family as being factually
accurate to the real events that
supposedly unfolded some believe that
the Warren's involvement especially with
David was fabricated after Allen Bono's
murder to take advantage of a
money-making opportunity with the
gladsome family going along with it to
make a profit and save on you from going
to jail so what do you think were the
ones trying to profit from murder or
were they merely trying to tell the
story that they were involved in
whatever the answer when watching the
conjuring three maybe skip the drinks
after as you don't know who or what
might want to tag along so hope you guys
really enjoyed this let me know if you
liked it and I hope that I get to see
you guys in the next video thanks for
watching